hey guys it's John from 100 things to do
before high school and Lamar from Bella
in the Bulldogs last time you saw us we
were asking you for your cool mashed
potato recipes and today we're gonna be
trying them out little ingredients maybe
yeah we have everything set up and we
have a really cool girl who made an
awesome suggestion which was to have
pasta mixed with mashed potatoes her
name is Skylar and she suggested hey I
probably like mashed potatoes better it
to have some pasta in it Guiler whoa
what's up how are you good good
are you excited to make some mac and
cheese mashed potatoes
yes I'll side so where'd you come up
with the idea to put pasta in mashed
potatoes because they don't like
potatoes well I'm a huge fan of both so
I gotta to try Skyler's recipe let me
get started yeah all right let's go yeah
yeah what do we should we show everyone
what our ingredients are here we go oh
okay so first we have 2 pounds of Yukon
Gold potatoes 4 tablespoons of unsalted
butter 1/2 cup of milk 1/2 teaspoon of
salt 3 cups of mac and cheese now you
guys can use your favorite recipe for
this one hey Skylar
what's your favorite mac and cheese yeah
you do anything special
Ninja Turtle mac and cheese oh really
cool shave those guys we have two half
cups of sharp cheddar cheese and 1 1 cup
is gonna go inside mashed potatoes and
one is going to go on 3 tablespoons of
breadcrumbs season which we are going to
use as a top layer just like the cheese
to give this really tasty little Kristen
layer on to dust ingredients yes make
sure you get what's good mation so the
first thing you want to do is have an
adult help you peel and boil the
potatoes here are our potatoes which are
already peeled and boiled so let's get
to meshing here's your open all right
ready ready hey baby middle
do you prefer your mashed potatoes
really lumpy or really smoothly smooth
alright looks alright can you know what
if you do like the side like this then I
might work out better
Aryan I'm starting that one little
position all right I think we've mashed
your potatoes enough so now we're ready
to pour in our melted butter and our
warm milk so the butter we can pour
everything in so shall we do this let's
do bogus pour and go so just make sure
all your butters really mixed in there
so it's no no this is about half cup of
milk so we're gonna add maybe like a
quarter of it and then add more as we go
along so isn't it so now we can actually
add a little bit more just be careful
not to make it meditate a soup
I think I'm hysterical oh yay okay so
now we are going to add our half
teaspoon of salt oh my god good more fun
we get can never mix it oh great
all right here's the fun part we're
gonna add the mecca change your gaze
alright are you ready yeah it's just
like ball to good food today oh my gosh
it looks so good now we like it to be
very cheesy so we're gonna add our 1/2
cup of shredded cheese weeks alright now
we're mixing our cheese in there next
step we pour it onto our baking plate
whoo alright so magical baking like a
magical vape right you
I'm so excited for this game keep going
until it's filled okay is that it around
a little bit right yeah
want you to be honest okay guys so now
we put the cheese on top you want to do
it sure
I'm gonna do a like a sheep sprinkle
that cheese a la Martha Bennett and
laughing at least you ready for some
breadcrumbs oh well yes hi a moveable
video I don't all right
add the bread oh this is gonna be good
all right it's ready to be put in the
oven now if you're a kid like we are
you're gonna need an adult's help with
this if you do have an adult with you
you can watch our other video that has
all the oven instructions that you can
use Dada
through video magic we now have plate
with cooked neck and cheese and mashed
potatoes very hot so if I really feared
we're not gonna do so yeah if you're
trying it don't burn yourself oh my gosh
okay okay are you ready are you ready
oh I did this mm-hmm
god this is so good I've never been so
proud of my son even I look delicious
you want some Skyler there you go yeah
there you go
wishes Skyler thank you so much you're
making so much awesome recipe you are
very creative I feel like she's gonna
show you we'd like to see you try this
recipe at home so please let us know if
you do and if you like it also if you
had if you add some cheer to it we'd
also like to know your new recipe 100%
honest this is so worth making it is
amazing all right
we have two other mashed potato making
videos if you want to check those out
one is basically red skin potatoes with
bacon and chives and another very
interesting one of your very into sweets
and desserts
s'mores mashed potatoes that sounds
interesting
I recommend I recommend this one it's
amazing thank you guys so much we hope
you enjoy this deliciousness